Include a style warning in the README (#73)
AdrianMachado/KaiUI: README.md

UI Component library for building KaiOS apps. All components and views are navigable using a phone's d-pad and softkeys.

> **CAUTION:** The style specs of some components has been updated recently, which has not been reflected in this implementatio. Please refer to the [KaiOS blog article](https://medium.com/design-at-kai/design-exploration-for-ui-components-in-kaios-smart-feature-phones-85f211603ed0) at Medium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CAUTION:** The style specs of some components has been updated recently, which has yet to be reflected in this implementation. Please refer to the [KaiOS blog article](https://medium.com/design-at-kai/design-exploration-for-ui-components-in-kaios-smart-feature-phones-85f211603ed0) at Medium.
```
